Add gradle task to start temporary `model-server` (#26)
modelix/modelix-samples: model-server/README.md

# `model-server` start helper

This 'component' is not a real component but rather a start helper - the `model-server` is started using the gradle application plugin.

To start the `model-server`, simply call the following in the repository root:

```

> ./gradlew model-server:run --args="-inmemory -dumpin courses.modelserver.dump"

Reviewer: Maybe we can add these arguments as defaults to make calling easier for the common case?

Author: Unfortunately - as far as I could research - impossible with gradle at the moment.

Reviewer: This is obsolete now with the discussions below.

```

> As a result we do not need to use docker to run the `model-server`.
> In case you want to use docker anyways, you could do something like this:

Reviewer: The reader probably doesn't know about our idea to use docker first.

```suggestion
As an alternative, you can also use Docker to run an in instance of `model-server` using the following command:
```
